docs: update disk-encryption.md (#10194)
siderolabs/talos: website/content/v1.8/talos-guides/configuration/disk-encryption.md

> Note: `nodeID` encryption is not designed to protect against attacks where physical access to the machine, including the drive, is available.
> It uses the hardware characteristics of the machine in order to decrypt the data, so drives that have been removed, or recycled from a cloud environment or attached to a different virtual machine, will maintain their protection and encryption.

> > Note: When using kms encryption, a DHCP server is required for the talos nodes, as the static Network configuration is only loaded after the disk is decrypted.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is entirely correct based on how static network info is provided, if it's kernel cmdline I think it should work, am I right @smira ?

Reviewer 2: yes, and it also depends on STATE/EPHEMERAL, and network config might come from too many place. but if you have your static network config in STATE, of course using KMS doesn't make sense

Reviewer 2: so I think we should rephrase this fixing the casing as well:

```suggestion
> Note: When using KMS encryption for `STATE` partition the network configuration can't be provided via the machine configuration, as KMS requires network connectivity before `STATE` is decrypted.
```
